First character: space=open, ?=can't reproduce, x=think it's fixed

x	Snaps are broken. 
x	Logical Volume labels are not set by default. 
x	Can't remove PVs from a pool. Ever.
x	Need to filter PV names. Should not allow "ctl", "label", and "status". 
x	Mirrors don't check target lengths.
x	Mirrors don't check if the target is already in the pool.
x	Need to remove the rmlv lv-name from the pool's ctl file 
x	Looks like we're treating the number of sectors on a target 
x	initpvt() doesn't set the new PVs size correctly. 
x	snaps don't enforce read-only behavior. 
x	Logical Volumes refuse to span physical volumes. 
x	reading to the end of a pv or lv crashes in memmove with -1
x	remove pvname from addpv
x	status for pool, pv, lv and lun done
x	mirror pvs works
x	snapshadow works
x	Exported luns are automatically online.
x	Can't re-export a lun that has been unexported.
x	add 'echo discover >/xlate/targ/ctl'
x	Writing to a mirror silvering mirror will sometimes hang the VSX.
x	I didn't see a check on mirror the target to ensure it isn't part of the pool.
x	addremove panic; see csv email
x	pv's keep track of number of free extents?
x	check against the number of free extents before actions	
x	something funny with target; linux and solaris can't come up.
x	make sure save and restore work.
x	make luns readonly
x	reserve storage for logical volumes
x	lv's larger than 2.5T (xlmklv, update lv, remove lv)

	add legacy lun
	Add VLAN
	add failover 
x	Shadow is broken when the target is another VSX.
x	Can't read/write config file assigned with -c flag.
x	Readonly permission lun permission is not honored.
?	Lucas reported lun status file weirdness when he created 
		two volumes and then removed one.
x	Clone does not honor reserve %.
x	If a user sets a reserve % greater than the current 
		free % all checks are bypassed.
x	If a user has a lower free % due to COW than is 
		designed by the pools reserve, all checks are bypassed.
?	The LVs exported lun is reported as the difference 
		between of the value from the base shelf address. 
		Shelf 32 would reports target 33.1 as 1.1. Should report 33.1.
	Mirrors are broken (When I offline one pv on the SR the VSX freaks).
	performance tuning (especially COW)
	filesystem has some small memory leaks.
	f3 doesn't seem to cause a snap.

